DOC explain how to use custom edge bins in KBinsDiscretizer (#18972)
scikit-learn/scikit-learn: doc/modules/preprocessing.rst

equally populated bins in each feature. The 'kmeans' strategy defines bins based
on a k-means clustering procedure performed on each feature independently.

> Let the user know that custom bins can be used for discretization by using
> the :class:`FunctionTransformer` function mixed with the
> `cut<https://pandas.pydata.org/pandas-docs/stable/reference/api/pandas.cut.html>`
> function from pandas library.::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be aware that one can specify custom bins by passing a callable defining the
discretization strategy to :class:`~sklearn.preprocessing.FunctionTransformer`.
For instance, we can use the Pandas function :func:`pandas.cut`::
```
